I do want to say that we try to do the
story legally there it is a little town
with a really big secret it's so bizarre
what's going on over here when we first
got in the country we had no idea who
was following us do you think they know
we're here we don't know if it was the
Whalers though Japanese mafia somebody's
behind me I don't who that is they don't
like me they don't like my message
Ric is world famous for his work with
dolphins I feel somewhat responsible
because it was a flipper TV series that
created this multi-billion dollar
industry
the dolphin smile is nature's greatest
deception it creates the illusion
they're always happy you realize after a
while they don't really belong in
captivity I've never seen so many
dolphins before the Japanese people
don't even know about it
they take the boats around to the secret
cove that nobody could see they're
afraid of cameras
they said if the world finds out what
goes on here we'll be shut down
they were hiding something we need to
get in there and film exactly what
happens we need to know the truth we
needed people with a special set of
skills to implement this mission they're
behind me let's go good to go good luck
underwater camera is that they're not
being told that the free lunch means
that their children are getting
uncontaminated that you'd not be said
that you didn't know about it you know
about you if we can't fix that there's
no hope it is flashlight the guards are
moving guards and really get out of
there get out of there now
Oh